docs/reference/which-sources-are-available-to-search.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Which sources are available to search in TIMDEX API?
parent: Reference
---

## Which sources are available to search in TIMDEX API?

### Default sources

These sources are all searched by default. You can also [choose which sources to search](../howto/limiting-your-search-to-specified-sources.md).

---

#### DSpace@MIT

[DSpace@MIT](https://dspace.mit.edu) is a digital repository for MIT's research, including peer-reviewed articles, technical reports, working papers, theses, and more.

##### DSpace@MIT scope in TIMDEX

We ingest all public records in DSpace@MIT.

---

#### ArchivesSpace

MIT ArchivesSpace is a discovery portal for archival and other unique materials at MIT, particularly for those in the Department of Distinctive Collections. It includes descriptions of primary sources including papers, correspondence, photographs, film and video, print items, digital materials, objects, and more.

##### ArchivesSpace scope in TIMDEX

**This collection is not currently available.**

We ingest all public records in MIT's ArchivesSpace at the Collection level, and include digital object information in the collection.

---

#### Alma (Catalog)

coming soon!

### Experimental sources

These sources are searchable via changing the `index` value in your query to `rdi*`

#### Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab Dataverse

#### Woods Hole Open Access Server

#### Zenodo

Commit message:

Experimental mitlib branding for just-the-docs

docs/reference/which-sources-are-available-to-search.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Which sources are available to search in TIMDEX API?
parent: Reference
---

## Which sources are available to search in TIMDEX API?

### Default sources

These sources are all searched by default. You can also [choose which sources to search](../howto/limiting-your-search-to-specified-sources.md).

---

#### DSpace@MIT

[DSpace@MIT](https://dspace.mit.edu) is a digital repository for MIT's research, including peer-reviewed articles, technical reports, working papers, theses, and more.

##### DSpace@MIT scope in TIMDEX

We ingest all public records in DSpace@MIT.

---

#### ArchivesSpace

MIT ArchivesSpace is a discovery portal for archival and other unique materials at MIT, particularly for those in the Department of Distinctive Collections. It includes descriptions of primary sources including papers, correspondence, photographs, film and video, print items, digital materials, objects, and more.

##### ArchivesSpace scope in TIMDEX

**This collection is not currently available.**

We ingest all public records in MIT's ArchivesSpace at the Collection level, and include digital object information in the collection.

---

#### Alma (Catalog)

coming soon!

### Experimental sources

These sources are searchable via changing the `index` value in your query to `rdi`. The content is not updated regularly
as these are experimental sources we are evaluating for future inclusion.

#### Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab Dataverse

#### Woods Hole Open Access Server

#### Zenodo
